hi what about if you follow them in the video
I bring you a box without surprises
because I did not really know what was coming
I know it's there but I only know that it's coming
from editorial planet so it's been very
excited to open it because that's what I'm going to
to be able to open with you and we will be able to
see with my otter inside here I have my
scissors where I think I 'm not going to
need because usually the packages
of planets are pretty easy to
open and chicken
all right
to see the first book
Bunker Diary of Kevin Brooks No
I have no idea what it is about
Actually I've never seen so
let me read the synopsis quickly
to see what it is about
ok I think this book is going to be my type
of a book because it seems to be about a
kidnapping like a guy being kidnapped
in london and they put it in a bunker and not
there are windows that matter to me and things
communications and then it 's like that
a few days later a girl comes down and
four people more then like that
they have to see what it is
happening what is it that we why
kidnapped and this kind of thing
then complex to veins I do not know if what
remember but already mentioned
earlier that the book was hijacked
I like them a lot so let's see
I will try to read it soon and see and
good bit more about it and then they
I tell you what depression you feel
connected prisoner
by carlos garcía miranda
heard from him ok
this book you also listened so
interesting apparently some students
they were on their way to their school called
connected and went there like that is the
train had an accident in a tunnel by
the mountains but apparently no one has
like the worry of looking for them
because in the school there are people who
have given to them that is to say there is a
clone of each of them at school
then you have to see why they are
crossed you have to see why it is
happening that and also do not feel
know as a science fiction book
perhaps
the center team looks like daddy
ok the next one is before the end of
world operation
of ruby or cones
I do not know how to pronounce it
are tones of xoconostle in ok I think that
this book also as science
fiction because apparently there are some
phones that are creating a war
civil in mexico then the
protagonists are like hackers that
can penetrate the mind those tele
kicks and have to save the world
practically then the government
asks to destroy the phone is like
more dangerous they actually look like I
is remembering this book to stewart
waiting for a sanderson who also tries
like guys who have superpowers
but they are bad then they have to
overthrow these kinds of things then
If you like it, I think it's also
it may be interesting this is not speculate
because the next book is
the girls of 3 that if I know it is like that
I know him because he listened enough
as about this book because apparently
they are doing it like they are
doing the comparison to this book with
where he lost it because at the end he has
as a pretty similar subject and if you
like driver adopt this book
then heard enough from him
let me open the plastic to be able
read the synopsis inside
does not have the face
does not pull synapses only has like
small opinions about the book according to
what he heard earlier like that
the protagonist of this book is not
reliable only you have can not trust
what he is saying and apparently as
which is a book or a thriller that in the
that you have to find out what it is that
happened in the person you should know
I feel like I'm telling you nonsense
because I'm not really sure what it's about
but if I really want to
read it because now he has heard things
very good about him although there are two
more books
Holy God how many sent
today they sent me out to this book of
that I am
because she is the creator of it
of destroys this diary that in truth to
I loved it then I am very
excited to have what you see has me
a complete line of books as well as
craft of that kind of thing
then I finally have something new
to do but there is nothing right
developing this book but yes the same
if you would notice that I
I made a video
I'm very inclined towards the ones because
they answer to me I love this the
extras this diary because there is one left
more but no more because this one I think
also seen in English it seems to me
call
for a greater hobby even though I think it
It's about a girl who is a nerd
basically that fight at school
that basically like it does not feel
good to herself then she wants
become a model I suppose that
it's basically about your
transformation about how your levels of
self-esteem are varying this type of
things then I'm as cute as this
that then say that what I most
excites morito, they are just this
book
and the girl on the train because I already heard
previously on them and I've heard
great things about good not so much
about this because nobody did me
about this one but about the girl of
train then I think this will be one of
the next thing to read is here are the
loins of the books there but yes many
thanks everyone's plan was always
conscious one too much and that's all
for today's video I really hope that
has been cooked next to me to see these
books and then yes I hope that in enjoy
of the video and that's all forbidden today
I am Lucia and see you soon bye